---
title: "Ep. 013"
date: 2020-09-30T12:18:21-07:00
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/013.m4a
---

  Welcome to 13. Today, we're going to be doing 30 seconds worth of jumping jacks and a bunch of other fun stuff. And while you're doing that. In the space-time continuum. I'll be making tea. So here we go. 30 seconds of jumping jacks, ready, set go.   23 seconds.   Keep on warming up. Great. Now, let's transition to 30 seconds worth of burpees marks, get set go. While you're doing burpees, I'm gonna be making some sweet dreams or made of teas for a night of deep seas. Looks good.   I acquired an arrow press recently. And so. I'm gonna try and steep this in the arrow press. And you are done with burpees. Great, go ahead and jog in place for 30 seconds. Ready, set go.   Oh man, it's been a minute. You've been jogging in place for a minute. Sorry. I forgot about you. Well, hopefully you're all warmed up by now. Hopefully you went and got some water. I was just jumping out some water. So yeah, go ahead and let's do 60 minutes worth of pushups on your marks, get set go.   Here at 16 seconds.   Once we get to the halfway point here, we'll be switching to wider push-ups or narrow, here we go do it switch, whatever you're doing before switch to something else. And you've been working out for almost four minutes.   Ten nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, great job give yourself a pat on the back and go ahead and switch to a minute's worth of sit-ups go.   At 20 seconds.   44 seconds. Keep doing those sit-ups.   57 28 to 960 now go ahead and switch to a Superman for 60 seconds hold a Superman ready set go.   26 seconds.   54, 55, 26, 57, 58, 59, 60. All right go ahead and just take a breather for five five to ten seconds.   Okay. Let's go ahead and repeat that whole thing so. We'll start with sixty seconds worth. Of. Push-ups. Here we go begin.   Ten more seconds.   And you are done. Great now go ahead and switch under your back for a 60 seconds worth of sit-ups.   Some pretty good tea. Forty six forty, seven forty-eight. 50 seconds.   Five more seconds.   All right. Now, it's time for a minute Superman and then we're done. On your marks, get set begin.   I guess we're not quite done. You keep holding that Superman. When you're. Done with this Superman then we'll go ahead and do. 60 seconds worth of jumping jacks.   20 seconds.   You've been working out for 10 minutes and 7 seconds. You're more than halfway there.   48, 49, 50, 51.   5, 4 3 2 1. Awesome job. Go ahead and take a breather and then do some jumping jacks. In 5 4 3 2 1 do some jumping jacks. Once you're done with your jumping jacks. Move your arms around stretch. And feel your heart rate, hopefully your heart rate's gone pump up up.   And then have a smoothie. Enjoy the rest of your day. Bender the extra blood flow to your brain. Getting smarter every day is the name of a pretty cool YouTube channel. Not a sponsor. Okay, bye.