---
title: "Ep. 005"
date: 2020-09-20T09:27:55-07:00
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/005.m4a
---



Oh boy it's the voice memo workout again, here we go, so let's see let's do upper body make sure you stretch out and we'll do a simple circuit move your right arm and circles. One two, three, you're left arm and circles one, two, three, go ahead and stretch it out bring your arm across your or cross your chest and the other arm and nice warmed up go ahead and maybe five jumping jacks one, two, three, four, five. Excellent. Now go ahead and let's get down on on the floor and do five push-ups one. Two. Three. Four. Five then go ahead and flip over and do five sit-ups. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. And then go ahead and get up and do five squats just to mix it up a little bit one. Two. Three. Four. Five great and take a five second breather, one, two, three, four, five. Okay, let's do four push-ups one. Two. Three. Four great and then four sit ups one. Two. Three. Four. Make sure you drink lots of water. All right and then four squats one. Two. Three. Four squats, great five second break, five. For three, two, one, all right now it's time for push-ups again, let's do three push-ups. One. Two. Three. And then go ahead and do three sit-ups. One. Two. Three great and then hop on up for three squats, here we go one. Two. Three great five-second break, five, four. Three two. One okay, good job. Now let's do 20 push-ups this you know, mix it up a little bit one. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Great. Now take a little breather and then turn on over and do a twenty second Superman one. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten and how about we do a plank that that sounds good one. Two for ten seconds three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten so far we've been working out for six, we're almost six minutes. All right now let's do some sit-ups. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten all right, let's take a ten second break ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three, two one. Okay now let's do something that we haven't done before lunges. So go ahead and stand up a straight. And then lunch forward on to your left foot. And squat and then lunch forward under your right foot go down good, let's do that back and forth ten times right one left. Here we got two. Three. Four. Right?Left. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. And ten. Awesome, you made it to ten. And go ahead and do ten squats one. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten awesome then do ten jumping jacks, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. All right. Then gotta take a five second breather five. Four. Three. Two. One. And if you feel like you can do ten more pushups than do it. Or if you can do it twenty second plank or maybe a sixty second even. Do it.  You got it. Hit the blood flowing through your body to your brain for a great day. And. That concludes our workout.  Thanks for tuning in. To the voice memo workout.  Simple circuits podcast, that might have a name one day. Um,For now the tradition is to end on a happy note. Oh, whoa, that's not it.  What? Maybe. Make sure you cool down.  You don't want to get the blood pooling.  You want to make sure the acid is a you know going away. Okay, bye. 