---
title: "Ep. 007"
date: 2020-09-22T13:25:05-07:00
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/007.m4a
---

  For today's voice memo simple circuits recording we're gonna try something a little bit different instead of counting because everybody moves at a different pace everybody has different bodies everybody might do a sit-up slightly different or want to take their time. I'm going to basically start a stopwatch for each exercise and then you just fit in as many reps as you can until the stopwatch and hit some some time limit so.  For example we'll start with a 60 second plank and I will let you know at 30 seconds when it's time to get up on your right hand and then on your left and then back down onto your right forum on your left forearm and then you'll hold it for another 60 second for another 30 seconds per total of 60 seconds and then we'll get up and instead of doing sit-ups we'll you know, do some push-ups or something and and mix it up that way just to keep it interesting because it needs to be fun needs to be obvious how we'reHow we're doing these things and not rushed so that's what we're gonna do so go ahead and get warmed up get make sure you get some water move your arms around.   I might still count off a few things so like jumping jacks let's do 10 jumping jacks one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine ten great now go ahead and jog in place for how about twenty seconds so the timer's going now, it's at five.Seconds six.Ten eleven twelve.  This is good. I could even use this to count but don't account too fast.  Well that's that's twenty seconds awesome and then stretch to go ahead and touch your toes hold that for twenty seconds.Go ahead and.Hit my stopwatch again, we're at six seconds.Doing good.11, 12, 13, 14, 15.And.20, great stretch awesome now go ahead and put your right arm.  Pull it over your chest stretch out your right arm and just hold that for 10 seconds.And then once we're once we're done with that then you're gonna want to do your left arm for 10 seconds. 8 9 10.And then go ahead and do your left arm.For 5 6.  Nine ten okay awesome, hopefully you're feeling nice and stretched out today, we're also we're gonna do something less surprising we're gonna tell you what what we're gonna do before we before we start so we're gonna today we're gonna be doing burpees.And.  We're gonna be doing Superman's and squats and push-ups.  Yeah no sit-ups great so we're gonna time we're gonna do 30 seconds worth of burpees, so you'll jump up or straight in the air and then squat down and then kind of lunge forward into a push-up position and then bring yourself back to a squat and then jump up in the air again and let's do that for 30 seconds.   I'm just at a your own pace, so one, two three and the timer is ticking.So keep on doing burpees for 30 seconds.  We're at 18 seconds.  25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, great.Now just.Stretch out a little bit take a little breather.Now we're gonna do a 30 second Superman. I think that's what I said we do.  So go ahead and lay down on your belly balance on your belly button put your fists out forward and your arms out or your legs out behind you and reach up to the sky with that just arch arching your back.Belly on the floor and we're counting four seconds five seconds, hold that for for 30 seconds.  A third of the way there.  Halfway there.  20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30, awesome.Great so we just did what we do burpees, we did a superman.Let's go ahead and do pushups, however many you can do in 30 seconds, so here we go and start.  Five seconds seven seconds.  Keep on going we've been working out for six minutes so far.Doing awesome.  21 seconds.  29 30 seconds worth of push-ups awesome, so we've done burpees even in Superman's and we've done push-ups it's time to do some.Squats go ahead and do as many squats as you can 30 seconds take a breather and begin.  Or a 10 seconds.  Halfway there.  Keep on doing squats.  All right 30 seconds for the squats.So now we're gonna do.A plank and for this for this plank we're we're gonna do 60 seconds and 60 seconds can really feel like like pretty hellish so just get yourself prepared for it and push through.We'll do 60 seconds of a plank if you need to run grab some water real quick stretch out stretch out your belly back and forth, it's really strengthen your core.  And here we go.And starting in ten nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one plank.The time is ticking.Five seconds.Keep holding it you got it you can do this.It's pretty easy until it's not.Right about here is when I start suffering.Oh man, 20 21, keep going you're almost halfway there.  30 seconds 30 more seconds.  40 seconds.  10 more seconds, you got this.7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 1.There you go, you did it you made it to one minute.All right go ahead and take a five second breather.And then we're gonna do all that again, except instead of thirty this time it's gonna be sixty seconds for everything except for the plank, we're gonna go up to.  We're just gonna stay we're gonna yeah sixty seconds for everything okay, so get ready to do.  A.  Burpees for 60 seconds on your marks, get set begin jump up in the air.Down low.Push a position back to the squatting position and then launch yourself jump in the air.12 seconds.  A quarter of the way there.  Almost halfway there.28-29 30.30 more seconds of these.  44, 45, 46, 47.  60, awesome.There's 60 seconds worth of burpees, okay?Now go ahead and get on the floor.And we're gonna do push-ups for 60 seconds.Take a breath.  And let's begin.One two, three times ticking away, if you push ups for sixty seconds double what we did last time.  And you've been working out for eleven minutes great job.  You're halfway there.  Feel free to mix it up do some wide push-ups now for the second half.  Excellent and sixty seconds.Great job.All right.Since you're down there. Anyways, let's go ahead and do everybody's favorite exercise the Superman.So belly button to the floor and we're gonna hold it for 60 seconds.Here we go begin.  10 seconds.  20 seconds.  30 seconds halfway there.Keep your arms up towards the ceiling your legs. Just the smallest amount of surface area of your stomach on the ground.Hardly anything just balance on that belly button.Arms way on front of you fists.Five more seconds.Five, four, three, two one. You made it to a minute.  Awesome.  Now, let's.  Let's do.  Let's go ahead and do a 60 seconds worth of sit-ups.  Instead of the the planking.So let's begin right now.And do 60 seconds for the sit-ups.And then we'll go ahead and and finish this workout.  16 seconds.  23 seconds.  You're almost halfway there. 30 seconds, 31, 32 33, keep going.  50, 21, 22, 53, 24, 5, 6, 7, 58, 59, 60, awesome.And that completes the year 15 minutes worth of working out we did our our back muscles our belly muscles are biceps or triceps or.Gluteus muscle menus or whatever that's totally stolen.Ah.You have to look that up that's a funny video okay, well that concludes.  Tonight no today, it's this it's the morning. I do these voice members at night hopefully why you continue to listen to my hilarious voice. I was cool down, make sure you're moving around still stretch get some water and breathe get lots of oxygen to your brain.  And.Yeah.That concludes.Today's simple circuit.  Ciao.