---
title: "BONUS Episode for Kids!"
date: 2020-09-21T07:53:44-07:00
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/006-kids.m4a
---



You know, folks some days you just got to do a bonus episode. I was inspired by one of our longtime listeners who's getting your kids ready for school first day of school for a lot of folks here and we're gonna do a kid friendly workout session today and so here we go with special effects and everything okay, get ready.  Alright. So the first thing that we're gonna do is called mountain climbers so get into a push up position on the floor and then alternate bringing your knee to your elbow you can do you know different things you can go across or you know, criss cross back and forth and you want to just get warmed up for this workout so here we go, we're gonna 20 mountain climbers, are you ready get down on the floor push a position bring your knee in one? Two. Three, four five now do your other knee one, two, three, four, five, great job give yourself a pat on the back, all right now go ahead and stand up and we're gonna do some star jumps, are you ready for star jumps, oh my goodness. Here we go stand tall and you're gonna jump.  Like a rocket into the air ready and then just put your legs in your arms out so that you look like a big like X a big star in the air, here we go, one, two, three, jump. And again jump and one more time a jump. Awesome, let's do that ten times one.  Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten great work, it's time to take a four second break for three, two, one awesome job, okay? Time for our next exercise. This one is called butterfly kicks so you're gonna want to get down on your back put your legs straight up into the air and pretend like you are a butterfly you're flapping your wings, but your legs are are the wings and you are cooking them back and forth keep them nice and straight don't bend your knees.  And get their if he really high off the floor and then if it starts to get difficult, then you can move your legs down more towards the more towards the floor, so here we go ready for some butterfly kicks just start kicking and kick him to the beat.  You're doing great. Keep up the hard work, keep kicking keep your knees straight awesome work, oh my goodness. Great. Terrific we're almost done in five, four, three two. One. All right time to move on to the next exercise go ahead and stretch out take a five second breather breathe in.  Breathe out breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. And breathe out. Okay, we're gonna do some squats that's a funny word, isn't it?You guys are gonna be see if you can do really good squats pretend like there's a chair behind you and you're about to sit in that chair and it's invisible and you sit down and then you hold it for a little bit and try and get your knees behind your toes so that you can look down and you can still see your toes and then stand back up again out of the invisible chair we're gonna do 10 of these.  Are you ready, here we go one. Two. Three. Four. Five, six, seven, eight, nine ten give yourself a pat on the back that was great and you've been working out for five minutes and thirty four seconds, so great job, um, now it's time to cool down so just yeah.  Find a way to to cool down just move around the house.  And.  Give your. Give your adult a pat on the back, tell them good job encourage each other and. That's it thanks for listening to the voice memos podcast kids edition bonus episode today, what do you know, maybe we'll do more of these who knows?Us to label. 