---
title: "Ep. 006 — Let's increase our load"
date: 2020-09-21T07:52:39-07:00
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/006.m4a
---



Welcome to episode 6 of the Voice Memo. Workout.  Today, we're going to be doing. Kind of a full body workout as I'm talking please warm up do some jumping jacks.  One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, great. Now go ahead and swing your left arm forward, one, two, three, little circles, four, five, six, and you're right arm.  One, two, three, four, five six and get your other arm formed up, one, two, three, four, five, six.  Okay, let's get into it. So down on the floor, let's do 20 push-ups one. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen.  Nineteen. 20. All right. Now, it's. Take a quick break. 3 2 1.  Go ahead and get ready to do some sit-ups. Here we go. 20 sit-ups. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. Now let's hop on up for some squats will do 20 squats.  3 and 3 2 1, here we go. 1. 2.  3.  4. And hold it. 5. Hold 6 and hold it. 7 and hold it. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. Great. Let's take a five second breather five. Four. Three two. One. Let's do 15 push-ups. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight.  Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. All right flip on over for some sit-ups fifteen sit ups here we go one. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. All right now let's do some planking for sixty seconds.  One. Two. Three. Four actually.  I'm just gonna watch this clock it's going around and around. Not that fast, of course so far 10 seconds has passed. It started right past the six, you know on a clock face going clockwise right on the seven now, it's up to the eleven.  Up to the twelve almost just about. I'm working its way awesome, keep gone, you're halfway there, you got this might be shaking a little bit just breathe focus. Focus. You're right at the three. The four all the way back around just visualize that clock the five. Ten more seconds ten nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three two.  1, you can hop down good.  Great job planking really good for your core.  Okay, hop on up and stretch out. And get loose jump around.  Let's do 10 jumping jacks, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. And then stretch your arm across your chest right arm all the way over hold it for five seconds, five, four, three, two, one and you're left arm across your chest, five, four, three, two one.  Okay, take a quick breather, five, four, three, two one. And now we're gonna do 10. 20, 15, 10. And then five and then we're done.  So, here's 10. Pushups one. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten.  That's great.  You've done. 55 push-ups already. That's so gonna accomplishment.  Okay, so now go ahead and move over to your back.  We're gonna do 10 setups.  One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten and get on up for some squats. Get ready. Stand up straight into all and now. Here we go ten squats one. All the way down all the way back up to.  Three.  Four.  Five.  Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. 10.  Excellent. Now stretch out. Move your body around. Take a five second breather. Five. Four. Three.  Take deep breaths learn about slow to. One. Okay time for reps of five. Let's do five push-ups.  One. Two. Three. Four. And five flip on over for five sit-ups.  Here we go. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. And then hop on up for some squats never get it.  Here we go. One. Two. Three. Four. Five.  Awesome.  You've worked out for 11 minutes and 37 seconds. Time to cool down. Go ahead and jog and place a little bit right left right left right left right left.  Run around the house. Move your arms around. Move your head back and forth. Look up to the sky all the way down rotate your head all the way around. Just like they tie you in middle school gym class.  Go ahead and retrieve your toes stretch out a little bit. Move around. And hold the whole to stretch for 10 seconds 10. 9. 8. 7 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. Great. Go. Have a smoothie.  Something good stay hydrated. Enjoy the extra brain chemicals that give you some joy today and some some extra focus hopefully with the tasks at hand.  Keep on keeping on. Pass through everyone amigos.  Las Vegas. 