---
title: "Ep. 009"
date: 2020-09-24T13:50:08-07:00
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/009.m4a
---

  That's why there will be a Well, this is just a one take voice memo, so I don't think I'm gonna redo that. That intro just kind of got a little bit perfuddled my.My thoughts are a little scattered right now, but.Let's go ahead and jump into it. This is episode 9.   We're gonna keep things simple. Go ahead and warm up for 60 seconds.Timer starting.Jog move your arms around stretch. Do what you need to do get water.10 seconds.  And.55 seconds.  And you're done. Great.Let's go ahead and do. We'll start with 20 seconds worth of push-ups and then we'll do 20 seconds worth of sit-ups and a 20-second Superman and then we'll repeat that for 30 seconds and 40 seconds. Here we go, start 20 seconds of push-ups.  We're at five seconds.  15.  Great. Now go ahead and turn over and do 20 seconds worth of sit-ups in three, two, one, go.  You're halfway there.  Alright now flip back over and we're gonna do hold a Superman for 20 seconds in three, two, one go.  Minimal belly button surface area area.Fists out halfway there.Feet behind you. 15 seconds, keep holding it.  Great now we're gonna take a five second breather.Five, four, three, two, one, and we're gonna go ahead and do 30 seconds worth of push-ups and go.  Three seconds.Six seconds.  For three, two, one, all right now go ahead and flip on over four some sit-ups. 30 seconds worth ready begin.  Nine eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two one.'s 30 seconds worth of setups now flip on over and hold a Superman in three, two, one go hold it for 30 seconds.  You've been working out for five minutes.  Six, five, four, three, two, one zero, there you go. 30 seconds worth of sit-ups.Now go ahead and hold a Superman for.30 seconds.Here we go.Poop.Go.  Boob is the sound of me tapping the start on the stopwatch.  I know you're here for the fascinating commentary.  Hopefully you have some good music going.  All right, that was 30 seconds. 30 30 seconds.Go ahead and take a 5 second break.For three, two, one, all right, so we did 20 wait 30 now it's time for 40 seconds of push-ups sit-ups and Superman ready in three, two, one begin.So be 40 seconds of push-ups.  We're at 15 seconds.  You're halfway there.  To one zero 40 seconds of push-ups great now go ahead and do 40 seconds worth of sit-ups in three, two, one begin 40 seconds of sit-ups.And again.If you put your knees together lay on your back put your knees up you can display your knees out like kind of butterfly and pull yourself up and touch your toes with your hands and then go all the way back down just kind of pull yourself up all the way or you can do a crunch you've got to put keep your knees together and just hold and then go back down hold and go back down.  Hopefully I distracted you enough and you don't even realize but in five seconds you're gonna be done doing sit-ups.40 seconds has passed great now go ahead and we're gonna hold a Superman for 40 seconds starting in three, two, one begin you've been working out for eight minutes and eleven seconds.  You're a quarter of the way there.  Halfway there.  Just breathe.Your strengthening your back muscles keeping a balanced.Keeping a strong core.  I'm excited because I don't want my back to go out.Great for.A seconds. Those are our three different.Exercise. Now, we're gonna work our way back down. We're gonna do 30 seconds worth of push-ups and three, two, one begin. 30 seconds worth of push-ups.For five, six, tick tock tick-tock.  Apparently got purchased by Oracle.I don't know.  Halfway no 22-23 24-25 more seconds to go.Doing those push-ups.Awesome and you're done. I haven't flip over and we're gonna do some sit-ups in three, two, one begin.  You've been working out for almost ten minutes.  In fact as of right now.You've been working out for nine minutes and 59 seconds.  And we're almost to 30.  Excellent work. Now, go ahead and flip on over take a breather. We're gonna do a 30 second Superman in three, two, one begin.  Europe five seconds.  Ten.  Fifteen.  Twenty one.  Five, four, three, two one. Oh great you did it.Now for our final set, we're gonna do 20 seconds worth of each thing.So let's go ahead and take it five second breather.Stretch out your arms, stretch your back.Move your torso slowly back and forth.And here we begin in three, two, one, we're gonna do sorry we're gonna be push-ups prepare yourself.   20 seconds worth begin in three, two, one start.Go and feel free to mix it up, do some wide push-ups, why not?You're almost halfway through.Ten nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one zero. Now flip on over for twenty seconds worth of crunches or sit-ups.And three two, one, we begin.  Tick tock tick tock three seconds, four, five, six, seven.  Five four three, two, one zero, that was 20 seconds worth of setups now we're gonna go ahead and do 20 seconds. Superman you've been working out for 12 minutes and 27 seconds, here we go begin.  Five seconds, hold that Superman.  Halfway there.  Three quarters of the way there.Three, two, one all done great give yourself a pat on the back, hopefully you're breathing hard if not do some drumming jacks, get your blood moving.Keep moving around don't let the blood pool up make sure you cool down take your time drink some more water go get a smoothie and that's a wrap folks thanks for listening to I think this is episode nine goodness gracious we made it past a week, hopefully we can make it through the year.   I don't know let's take small steps.Bye.