---
title: "Ep. 010"
date: 2020-09-25T17:38:22-07:00
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/010.m4a
---

  Welcome to episode 10 of the voice memo workout. Today is actually today I didn't do the workout or recording yesterday, so for the first time ever will be doing the workout while recording it so sorry if I'm out of breath. So go ahead and warm up with us oh and we have a a guest speaker today on the show my daughter say hi great so I'm just gonna roll out the mat here and we're gonna do some exercises so first of all, let's do 20 seconds of jumping jacks, you ready?   Here we go.   Halfway there.   20 seconds good now take your right arm and move it around in circles. Get a nice and stretched out. And then your left arm move your left arm around in circles get that nice and stretched out all right now we're gonna touch our toes for 20 seconds and begin touching your toes stretching it out.   Doing great. Did I say 10 seconds or 20? 20. I have a bad habit of saying that we're gonna do one thing in the doing something different as I forget.   We're doing an exercise twice on accident. All right that's 25 seconds see. I did it again. I said 20 and 25 crazy all right now we're gonna do 20 seconds of push-ups, are you ready? Begin.   Nice. I think you did about a push of every two seconds because that was 20 seconds and you did Tim push-ups. Go ahead and stretch a little bit and then we're gonna do 20 seconds worth of sit-ups begin.   We're halfway there. Eight. You started counting before you started. 12. Okay, we're at 20 seconds. Great. We're going to stretch it out move your torso back and forth. Rub your back a little bit. And Superman. Here we go, the Superman we're going to do 20 seconds. A 20 seconds Superman.   Again. Or a plank if you'd like 20 second plank. And for the plank something else, you can do is get up on your right hand and then your left hand and then come back down on your right elbow and your left elbow your forearm, I guess. Eight. Nine, 10 11.   So we're at 22 seconds great. You've been working out for three minutes and 48 seconds. Now, it's time to take a three second break three, two, one, and then we're gonna do 30 seconds worth of push-ups. Here we go. In three, two, one begin two. Four five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, did I say 30 seconds worth 20 seconds?   10 more seconds.   27, 28, 29, 30 seconds worth of push. Okay now 30 seconds worth of sit ups. Okay.   Ready go.   First you would like you can do some cartwheels. Halfway there.   Oh crunches do crunches.   Okay. 30 seconds. I'll sit ups.   Okay, now we'll do 30 seconds of. My life planking jumping on you okay, let's do 30 seconds of jumping on your foot. Left foot no right foot, no you were doing it on your right foot now you're on your left foot, okay, are we gonna left or right? 30 seconds.   Halfway there.   Thank you for.   What are these numbers silly? 30 seconds so jumping on your foot, all right now it's time for lung it no rock climbers mountain climbers. So get down in the push-up position. And then we're gonna do 30 seconds worth of mountain climbers, so bring your knee up. And then put it back 30 seconds, here we go, so right knee up back.   Left knee and back right knee and back left knee 8, that's 9 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. 20 20 top of the mountain yet. 24, 25, 27, 28, and 30 seconds 30. Seconds they're 30 seconds. I think it's a 30, right? Okay, that's good we've been working out for seven minutes, what should we do next?   Backflips, all right, we're the backflips or if you don't want to do backflips, you know, you don't want to show off to people you can do backflips, okay, those are you two options, all right? I'm gonna do 30 second plank.   They are. The planking school too.   And we'll do a 35 second break thank you five seconds never in the history of this entire show have we done a 35 second break. So no 30 second break, maybe a plank or maybe to pull ups pull up seven to eight 29 30, all right, we're working out for eight minutes.   Is that good? Is that the end of the workout you're shaking your head, no. What should we do then?   All right time for video, no just kidding.   Alright thanks for listening, make sure you cool down have a smoothie.