---
title: It's leg day
date: 2020-09-17T00:00:00Z
summary: I recorded a voice memo for myself last night with the intention of working out this morning. It worked!
# TODO: Generate these from m4a file:
podcast_duration: 10
podcast_file: https://storage.googleapis.com/nqthqn-dat/episode-002.m4a
podcast_bytes: 300
---

Good morning again, welcome to today's workout today's simple circuit will be focused on legs, so go ahead and.Limber up loosen up walk around jog around your house.Go and drink some water.And if you need to pause this just to get ready go for it.Let's go ahead and start with a quick warm up, let's do five jumping jacks, one, two, three, four, five, great job, give yourself a pat on the back. I'll go ahead and do five air squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five fantastic way to go, let's do that again five jumping jacks, one, two, three, four, five, and then go ahead and do five air squats.Bend your knees hands out in a one.Two.Three.Four five and get your wiggles out. Swing your arms around.I'm using words like wiggles because I've got my kids with me for this workout.All right.Let's do our leg workout this is gonna go one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, that will be our simple circuit for today. All right, let's get going.Let's do one squat.One.One jump squat.One and jump.And one burpee.Jump high up hit your hands up and then squat down and then get your.Get yourself on the on the floor to push it position and get back up.All right now let's do two after a five second break, five, four, three, two, one two squats one. Two.Two jump squats one.Two.And two burpees.One.Two. And a five second break, five, four, three, two, one loosen up, they're ready for your squats three squats one.Two.Three and now for some jump squats.One.Two.Three.And some burpees.Three to be precise one.Two.Three.Great five second break, five, four, three, two one.Now for sets of four. One squat two squat, three squat, four one.Two.Three.Four.Now for some jump squats.One.Two.Three.Four and lastly some burpees one.Two.Three. Four and a five second break five.Four three, two one.So that's a five.Squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five and jump squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.And burpees one.Two. Three.Four. Five.And five second break, five, four, three.Two one and for some sixes, all right, let's do six squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six and jump squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.And four some burpees with high jump one.All the way down to the ground.Two. Three down on the ground back up again, four.Five. Six almost there five second break in the non to sevens one, two, three.Five four.Whatever okay seven squats one.Two.Three.Four five, six, seven and jump squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.Seven and burpees one.Two up to the sky down to the ground.Three up. And back down.Back up for four.Five.Six.Oh my goodness, seven doing great five second break, five, four, three, two, one, eight squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six seven.Eight and your drum squats.One.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.Seven.Eight.And burpees.One.Two.Three.Four. Five.Six.Seven. Eight.And a five second break, five, four, three, two, one. I think we're on sets of nine, hopefully. I didn't screw that up squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.Seven.Eight.Nine.Ten.And jump squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.Seven.8.9 and burpees.1.2. 3.4, it's bright too fast. 5 6.7.8.9, how about a 10 second break, maybe you're still doing your burpees? I don't know 5 4, 3 1, 2, 7, 6, 8, 10 9, all right great.Time for 10.Sets of 10, here we go squats.10.9. 8.7.6.5.4.3.2.1 and jump squats 1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9 and 10.Great time for the burpees, hopefully you're not too tired of these.1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9.10.And 4 some squats. I'll just kidding let's do a five second break, five, four, three, two, one, great we made it to ten sets. Now we're going to do nine reps of each one, here we go.Squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.Seven.Eight.Nine and jump squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.Seven.8.9 and burpees 9 of those.Most of this podcast is just counting. Uno.Those.Trace cuatro. Cinco says Seattle. Maybe you're still doing Burpees right now. I don't know. I'll give it to nine. All right, so.Five second break, cinco cuatro, dress dos uno, sero.And now eight reps of squats. Here we go. One.Two.Three.Four.Five, six, seven, eight. Are you sorry yet?Jump squats one. Two.Three.Four.Five six.Seven.Eight and burpees one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.Seven.Eight.And five second break five.Four.Three.Two one.Set the seven.Squats one.Two.Three.Four.Single says Seattle. Great job jump squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five jump really high, six seven. Great and burpees.With a high jump. Reach your hands up one.Two. Three. Four.Five. Six. Seven. Excellent five second break, five, four, three, two one. So it's a six squats a one.Are two.A three.Four.Five and six.Jump squats one.Two, three, four, five, six.And burpees one.Two.Three.Four.Five.Six.I'm just guessing how long it takes to do a burpee, hopefully these are good good numbers. I don't know let's do five four three, two, one, that's the break now to reps of five squats one.Two.Three, four, five and jump squats one.Two.Three.Four.Five and burpees.One.Two.Three.Four.Five.Great five second break, five, four, three, two.One.All right, so that's a four. One.Squat, two squat, three squat, four squat and jump squats.Reps not sets four repetitions one don't squat two way into the air.Three jump squats and four jump squats.All right burpees.One.Two.Three.Four.And there you go.Now a five second break, five, four, three two, and one. All right now three's squats, oh no.Those threes cut or say jump squat, here we go one.Two.Three way up into the air where they go can't see him in this guy burpees one.Two.Three five second break, five, four, three, two, one, oh boy, it's like jello, maybe. I don't know let's try two squats one two, two jump squats one.Two, you got this you can do two burpees easy one.Two and a five second break five, four three one two, those are numbers we have counted them now one squat, you definitely can do one squat, here we go. One.Good now, are you jump squat?One.And you can stop now just kidding here's your burpee one burpee and you have completed today's workout, hopefully your legs will thank you later.And now go ahead and cool down jog around move your legs, don't let the blood pool up. Get get stuff pumping. I don't know what I'm talking about but something about acid I don't know and I drink a smoothie congratulations let's go ahead and take a quick jog around the living room. Awesome.And then do.Maybe.Lay on your back and buy so cool.Your your legs in the air, maybe that might be nice one bicycle, two bicycle three bicycle.Four bicycle. All right, thank you for doing today's simple circuit have a good one.